SESSION_STATUS.md, before:

# Session Status - Ready for Next Task

**Date:** 2025-11-06
**Branch:** main
**Status:** ✅ CLEAN - Ready to start next task on new branch

---

## ✅ Verification Complete

### Git Status
```
Branch: main
Remote: origin/main (up to date)
Working tree: clean
No untracked files
No uncommitted changes
```

### Git Workflow Verification
✅ **Proper branching followed:**
- All Issue 1 work done on branch `feature/standardize-ingest-deduplication`
- All Issue 2 work done on branch `feature/centralize-ingest-logic`
- Both branches properly merged to main
- Only documentation updates (safe) done directly on main
- All code changes were properly branched

### Code Health
✅ Python syntax check passed for:
- `src/mcp/tools.py`
- `src/mcp/server.py`

### Test Coverage
✅ All 24 integration tests passing:
- `tests/integration/mcp/test_reingest_modes.py` (16 tests)
- `tests/integration/mcp/test_ingest_url.py` (8 tests)

---

## 📋 Work Completed This Session

### Issue 1: Ingest Deduplication ✅
- Automatic duplicate detection across all 4 ingest tools
- mode='ingest'/'reingest' with clear error messages
- Centralized deletion logic
- 24 comprehensive integration tests
- 100% accurate documentation

### Issue 2: Standardize Document Handling ✅
- Centralized `validate_mode()` - single source of truth (4 tools)
- Centralized `validate_collection_exists()` - single source of truth (4 tools)
- Centralized `read_file_with_metadata()` - single source of truth (2 tools)
- Fixed absolute path handling for consistent duplicate detection

### Issue 3: Test Coverage ✅ (Significantly Improved)
- 16 new reingest tests covering all 4 tools
- 8 enhanced URL tests with deletion verification
- Critical ingest flows now have regression protection

### Issue 4: Clean up codebase artifacts ✅
- Deleted crawl4ai-local/ directory (no longer needed)
- Project now uses crawl4ai-ctf>=0.7.6.post3 from PyPI
- Removed crawl4ai-local/ entry from .gitignore
- Clean, minimal repository

---

## 📋 Outstanding Tasks (from TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md)

### Quick Wins (5-15 minutes total)
- **Issue 11:** Test analyze_website CLI command
- **Issue 6:** Spin down cloud deployment (cost savings)

### Medium Priority (30-120 minutes)
- **Issue 5:** Update .reference directory for accuracy
- **Issue 7:** Clean up dead/unused code

### Lower Priority
- **Issue 8:** Submit Crawl4AI patches upstream (not urgent)
- **Issue 9:** Knowledge Graph Extraction verification (likely already fixed)

---

## 🎯 Recommended Next Task

**Issue 11: Test analyze_website CLI command**
- **Time:** 5-10 minutes
- **Risk:** Very low
- **Value:** Verify CLI wrapper works properly

**Actions:**
1. Run `rag analyze <url>` with sample URL
2. Verify output format is user-friendly
3. Document any issues found

**Branch name:** `test/analyze-website-cli`

---

## 📝 Notes for Next Session

### Git Workflow for All Future Tasks
1. ✅ Create feature/fix/cleanup branch from main
2. ✅ Make all changes on that branch
3. ✅ Run tests on the branch
4. ✅ Fix any issues on the branch
5. ✅ Merge to main when complete
6. ✅ Delete feature branch
7. ✅ Push to remote

### Files to Keep in Mind
- `TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md` - Task tracking (update when tasks complete)
- `CENTRALIZATION_SUMMARY.md` - Documents Issue 2 work
- `DOCUMENTATION_ACCURACY_VERIFICATION.md` - Documents Issue 1 documentation work
- `INGEST_COMPLETION_AUDIT.md` - Documents Issue 1 completion

### Test Commands
```bash
# Run all ingest tests
pytest tests/integration/mcp/test_reingest_modes.py tests/integration/mcp/test_ingest_url.py -v

# Compile check core files
python -m py_compile src/mcp/tools.py src/mcp/server.py
```

---

**Ready to start next task on a new branch!**

Commit message:

docs: Add detailed, actionable guidance to Issues 5-11
- Issue 5: Complete audit plan for .reference docs with specific files to check
- Issue 6: Step-by-step Fly.io scale-down commands
- Issue 7: Multi-phase dead code cleanup with tools (vulture, autoflake) and warnings
- Issue 9: Specific test plan for knowledge graph extraction verification
- Issue 11: Complete test plan with prerequisites, acceptance criteria, exact commands

New AI assistants can now start any task with zero ambiguity.

SESSION_STATUS.md, after:

# Session Status - Ready for Next Task

**Date:** 2025-11-06
**Branch:** main
**Status:** ✅ CLEAN - Ready to start next task on new branch

---

## ✅ Verification Complete

### Git Status
```
Branch: main
Remote: origin/main (up to date)
Working tree: clean
No untracked files
No uncommitted changes
```

### Git Workflow Verification
✅ **Proper branching followed:**
- All Issue 1 work done on branch `feature/standardize-ingest-deduplication`
- All Issue 2 work done on branch `feature/centralize-ingest-logic`
- Both branches properly merged to main
- Only documentation updates (safe) done directly on main
- All code changes were properly branched

### Code Health
✅ Python syntax check passed for:
- `src/mcp/tools.py`
- `src/mcp/server.py`

### Test Coverage
✅ All 24 integration tests passing:
- `tests/integration/mcp/test_reingest_modes.py` (16 tests)
- `tests/integration/mcp/test_ingest_url.py` (8 tests)

---

## 📋 Work Completed This Session

### Issue 1: Ingest Deduplication ✅
- Automatic duplicate detection across all 4 ingest tools
- mode='ingest'/'reingest' with clear error messages
- Centralized deletion logic
- 24 comprehensive integration tests
- 100% accurate documentation

### Issue 2: Standardize Document Handling ✅
- Centralized `validate_mode()` - single source of truth (4 tools)
- Centralized `validate_collection_exists()` - single source of truth (4 tools)
- Centralized `read_file_with_metadata()` - single source of truth (2 tools)
- Fixed absolute path handling for consistent duplicate detection

### Issue 3: Test Coverage ✅ (Significantly Improved)
- 16 new reingest tests covering all 4 tools
- 8 enhanced URL tests with deletion verification
- Critical ingest flows now have regression protection

### Issue 4: Clean up codebase artifacts ✅
- Deleted crawl4ai-local/ directory (no longer needed)
- Project now uses crawl4ai-ctf>=0.7.6.post3 from PyPI
- Removed crawl4ai-local/ entry from .gitignore
- Clean, minimal repository

---

## 📋 Outstanding Tasks (from TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md)

### Quick Wins (5-15 minutes total)
- **Issue 11:** Test analyze_website CLI command
- **Issue 6:** Spin down cloud deployment (cost savings)

### Medium Priority (30-120 minutes)
- **Issue 5:** Update .reference directory for accuracy
- **Issue 7:** Clean up dead/unused code

### Lower Priority
- **Issue 8:** Submit Crawl4AI patches upstream (not urgent)
- **Issue 9:** Knowledge Graph Extraction verification (likely already fixed)

---

## 🎯 Recommended Next Task

**Issue 11: Test analyze_website CLI command**
- **Time:** 5-10 minutes
- **Risk:** Very low
- **Value:** Verify CLI wrapper works properly

**Quick Start:**
```bash
# 1. Ensure Docker is running
docker-compose ps

# 2. Run test command
rag analyze https://docs.python.org/3/library/

# 3. Verify output is user-friendly (see Issue 11 in TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md for acceptance criteria)
```

**Branch needed:** Only if bugs are found (use `fix/analyze-website-cli-output`)

**Full details:** See Issue 11 in TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md for complete test plan and acceptance criteria

---

## 📝 Notes for Next Session

### Git Workflow for All Future Tasks
1. ✅ Create feature/fix/cleanup branch from main
2. ✅ Make all changes on that branch
3. ✅ Run tests on the branch
4. ✅ Fix any issues on the branch
5. ✅ Merge to main when complete
6. ✅ Delete feature branch
7. ✅ Push to remote

### Files to Keep in Mind
- `TASKS_AND_ISSUES.md` - Task tracking (update when tasks complete)
- `CENTRALIZATION_SUMMARY.md` - Documents Issue 2 work
- `DOCUMENTATION_ACCURACY_VERIFICATION.md` - Documents Issue 1 documentation work
- `INGEST_COMPLETION_AUDIT.md` - Documents Issue 1 completion

### Test Commands
```bash
# Run all ingest tests
pytest tests/integration/mcp/test_reingest_modes.py tests/integration/mcp/test_ingest_url.py -v

# Compile check core files
python -m py_compile src/mcp/tools.py src/mcp/server.py
```

---

**Ready to start next task on a new branch!**
